Adjust Divider for toolbars (#1622)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Divider.md

::example{src="mui/Divider.margin"}

### Variant

> The variant can control how much of the container the **Divider** spans. The default is `fullWidth`. Use `middle` in toolbars.

Reviewer: It's not just for toolbars; this documentation is too specific.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1622/commits/42ca157ae8db72e8a3d86cbe19c98c48b62c7b62

> The variant can control how much of the container the **Divider** spans. The default is `fullWidth`. `middle` will leave space on either side of the **Divider**.

Reviewer: - quotes inside backticks should be used for strings
- "side" is vague and be confused with the `margin` prop. "end point" might be clearer.

```suggestion
The variant can control how much of the container the **Divider** spans. The default is `"fullWidth"`.

`variant="middle"` will leave space around the end points of the **Divider**.
```

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1622/commits/5b663504006dcb3db4b0b15bd3f2caffa674d25b
